Hello
What!
OK, I see.
Ah Wei, sorry.
This contract cannot be signed for the time being, Manager Chen
What's your situation?
This
Mr. Gao, is this the person you said would wear copper?
Yes, little lady.
Look at Zilong's candidate, since we have already decided
Why don't you try this set of jade rings?
This style is more suitable for you.
But I just want to take you first
Shouldn't Manager Chen explain it to us?
This lady is the VIP of our store.
Or is Mr. Lu holding it at the top of his heart?
This is a VIP.
This Mr. Lu is really generous
If he were this big for his own wife
The wind is fine.
Siniang, what do you mean?
Isn't it obvious enough?
This motherland was authentic in ancient times
You are a nameless pheasant
you
Forget it, let's go back.
What are you going back to?
What are you afraid of him for?
How much does he spend with you?
More than 2,000, I will give 30 million
This copper is none other than Jiang Lan
Su Ming calm down
We're here to make money.
Not to spend money
Give people an excuse for the money, and you must transfer it back for you once.
30 million is better than at home
How much did he pay?
I pay double
I want to live too
It's like who has no money